Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
For all those who are watching this video...
...I have an announcement to tell you!!
To tell you the truth...
...Within 60 seconds...
...The Earth will be destroyed!
What would you do if I said that??
It's because of that, that...
...Today, I’ll be playing this!!
Chaaaan!!
"60 seconds before Earth’s destruction!"
(Meteor 60 seconds in English ver.)
In my case...
...I suppose I’d do a livestream?
In that case, let's start at once!
Let's go!
What's this?
It looks like a cookie, right?
"Emergency Bulletin"
"An enormous meteor is approaching Earth"
"It’ll soon collide with Earth and it’ll be destroyed!"
Ghaaaaannn!
“The time left for the meteor impact with Earth is..."
"...Only just 60 seconds!" And even then, the announcer keeps informing, what good work!!
"Mmm...? 60 seconds?"
"After 20 years..." Aaaahh! Ooohh! Â¡Aaaahh!
[ After 20 years, finally I could become a television host... Really!?" ]
"Really?"
Aaamen!
[ Announcer: This broadcast doesn't matter to me at all now...! ]
It's true! The broadcast shouldn't matter to you now!
Eh...?
[ Announcer: All of you will die! Ahahaha! ]
"All of you will die! Ahahaha!"
Eh? In fact...
...The suit was connected, did he shed his skin?
"Protagonist’s house"
Ah, ah
"What? Earth will be destroyed?"
You have a Pompadour hairstyle!?
Listen, it must be a joke...
Your hairstyle is a joke, right?
No, but you know...
...It's said that fashion is like a circle, right?
So then the Pompadour hairstyle is in style again, right?
It's true!
[ Why don't I do what I want if I’ll die regardless? ]
You can do what you want!
But don't cause problems to others
"Damn it!"
[ Damn it, I don't have time to think! For now, I’ll go out! ]
"I don't have tim..." But if you stay to think, 60 seconds will pass!
There must only be 30 seconds left, right?
Ah, I have time, what should I do? What? What? What? What? What?
Eh? What? Ah
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
Kiss!
Ah! Mmm...? Kiss?
Mmm...?
Mmm...? Mmm...? Mmm...? Mmm...?
Ah! The dog! The dog started to follow me!
What? What? Bat! Bat! Bat!
Bat!
With the bat... with the bat...
I’ll hit it!
Mmm...?
Where should I go?
Kiss!
Ah, I’m very sorry!
AAAHHHH!!
What? What is this?
What? What?
Oh! They're kissing!
Good doggy!
And now?
Arererere?
Hmm...
And now?
[ You got nuclear weapon antenna! (Click to use it) ]
"You got..."
Ah! I got a kind of antenna!
[ You got nuclear weapon antenna! (Click to use it) ]
Cli...ck... uh... uh... uh...
Ah!
Aaah!
Aaahh!
I ONLY HAVE 10 SECONDS LEFT!! WHAT SHOULD I DO?
Aaaahhh! Goodbye Earth!
Aaahhh!
What...? Where am I supposed to go?
Aaahh!
Good, well...
Right? Everyone became friends
Happy end!
Right?
Mmm...?
Paradise?
"You did a good job in your life!" Something like that?
"Mmm...? Where am I?"
Ah!
I see!
"Personality Test in Virtual Reality"
I see, I see
Ah, I wonder if something like that exists in reality, it seem fun!
"Just like the "Matrix" movie"
"You can experience an imaginary world"
But didn't he even lose his memories?
I wonder if this could also control memories
"Through this test, we can analyze people's actions..."
"...In a way of checking their real intentions"
"Mmm... to tell you the truth..."
"Your family was also..."
"...Watching everything that happened in the test"
How is that possible!?
Am I in trouble?
"Mother!"
"My girlfriend Ji Hyun"
Ah! She's Korean, right?
She has a Korean name
"And my nephew"
His nephew is rather mysterious, right?
"What does this mean?"
"I didn't know you were like that, you failed as a human being"
Failed as a human being!
"You murdered people with such a happy face..."
Aaahh!
"Uncle, is killing people so much fun?"
"When I grow up, I want to be an assassin %()/"!
Shut up!
Ah, the girlfriend rejected him
That wasn't good!!
Do I need to save Earth?
One more... once again...
I'll do it right once and then I'll go in the opposite direction!!
"Get ready!"
Beeeeeein!
Ah, I messed up, I’m sorry
ðŸ’‹
This... this...
You should get close as much as possible, right?
To be able to give them a kiss
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Oh! Oh! Very good! Very good! Very good!
Only 40 seconds are left!
Eh?
Ah!
Mmm...?
Oh!
Very good!
And now I’ll pick up the weapon...
And what's this?
What's this?
Eh?
Ah...
I ruined everything!!
I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
"I never thought you’d launch a nuclear missile towards Earth"
You're mistaken!
I wanted to shoot the meteor!
"It's true..."
"...We should hide him from the rest of society"
Don't hide meeee!
"You're the worst!"
"Uncle, I’ll also take everyone with me when I die"
This kid is dangerous...
"I also want to launch a missile!"
Shut up!!
"Go!"
Well, for the moment...
The dog!
But you know...
You know... eh? To...to...to...
This way, eh? Eh?
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
I get the bat...
And then...
I wonder what I should do
For the moment, I’ll go over here
Ah, I’m sorry
ðŸ˜…
Ah, I'm sorry
Ah! Here! There's something here! I can do it!
Ah! It looks like I can continue over here!
And now? And now?
Eh? It's for nothing?
The doggy! Eh? The doggy isn't there! The doggy!
Doggy! Doggy! Over here! Doggy!
Eh? The doggy isn't there! Ah, doggy!
Let's go, let's go
Ah, ah
Will I need the doggy here?
It's the doggy!
Go! Go!
This is useless!
Eeeeehh!?
Muack!
Aahhh! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I’m in trouble! Earth...! Earth will be destroyed!
Listen! Listen! Listen! Listen!
Listen! Listen! Listen!
Listen! I didn't do anything!
Listen! What should I do? Listen!
Here, ah! Should I’ve brought the weapon?
Maaaan!
It's the eeeeeend!!
Goodbye, Earth
I have a very fun life!
Ho, hoooi!
Here I go!
Kiiiss!
Get the bat
Kiss!
Come, doggy!
And now...
I enter here, right?
And then...
I'm very sorry!
And now...
I get this...
And now!
Hurry!
I should hurry! I should hurry! I should hurry!
There's a taxi! A taxi!
I should hurry up! I should hurry up! Ah!
Kiss! I’ll kiss this girl!
Muaa!
Ah, they started to follow me!
And now?
I’ll do this... No! No! No!
And now...
Ah! Ah, I see!
And now what should I do? What should I do?
And now? And now? And now? And now? And now? And now?
This! This!
This! This! Eh? It doesn't shoot! It doesn't shoot! It doesn't shoot!
Eh? Eh? Eh?
Mmm...? Mmm...? Mmm...?
Here? I don't understand this very well, this?
Oh!?
Ah!?
I completed it!!
Ah! I did it! I saved Earth!
Magnificent! Eh?
Ah, I see, I died
It was a good lif... no, but...
Clearing the game by saving people...
Clearing?
Saving Earth... Mmm...? Mmm...
Wait, wait
Well, being the only one that died, if it's to save Earth...
Mmm... in reality, I don't like that
What a relief, it was a dream!
I definitely demonstrated that I’m a gentleman!
Towards my mother!
Right?
And also towards my girlfriend and nephew!
I’m sure they'll congratulate me
What do you think?
Eh? It seems like you have a strict look
Ah! Ah! Ah! Incredible! Incredible!
"Only you has managed to stop the meteor were no one else could...!"
"...Stop..."
"It was marvelous"
"You were like Bruce Willis in the Armageddon movie!"
"You behaved rather differently than usual"
"In fact, you can turn out useful sometimes!"
ðŸ¤£
ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£
"Uncle! You were great! You acted like a hero of justice saving Earth!"
Why do you have something so dangerous in your hands?
[ I also want to be useful to a lot of people! ]
â¤ï¸ A.I.Channel â¤ï¸
Splendid!
In my fourth attempt!?
...I think that yes, I was able to save Earth!
In 60 seconds!
I saved...!
...Earth!!
I’m a hero
Hero!!
Starting tomorrow...
"Ey! The hero, Kizuna AI!"
Call me like that, please
Call me hero
Thank you very much! Thank you very much to everyone!
Thank you very much!
Kids who behave well should not imitate me!
Good! This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex